Online Python Compiler.
Code, Compile, Run and Debug python program online.
Write your code in this editor and press "Run" button to execute it.
TCP uses a congestion window and a congestion policy that avoid congestion. 
Previously, we assumed that only the receiver can dictate the sender’s window size. 
We ignored another entity Error here, the network.
If the network cannot deliver the data as fast as it is created by the sender.
it must tell the sender to slow down. 
In other words, in addition to the receiver,the network is a second entity that determines the size of the sender’s window.
Local Area Network (LAN) is a data communication network connecting various terminals or computers within a building or limited geographical area.
The connection among the devices  could be wired or wireless. 
Ethernet, Token Ring and Wireless LAN using IEEE 802.11 are examples of standard LAN technologies. 
DTEs devices are: personal computers, workstations, file servers or print servers also referred to as end stations. 
These devices are either the source or the destination of data frames.
The data terminal equipment may be a single piece of equipment or multiple pieces of equipment that are interconnected 
and perform all the required functions to allow the user to communicate. 
A user can interact with DTE or   DTE may be a user. 
Fast Ethernet refers to an Warning Error are in Ethernet network that can transfer data at a rate of 100 
ALOHA, the stations simply transmit frames whenever they want data to send. 
It does not check whether the channel   is busy or not before transmitting. 
In case, two or more stations transmit simultaneously, the collision occurs and frames are destroyed.
 Whenever any station transmits a frame, it expects acknowledgement from the receiver. 
This randomness helps in avoiding more collisions. 
This scheme works well in small networks where the load is not much. 
But in largely loaded networks, this scheme fails poorly.
This led to the development Warning of Slotted Aloha. 
If it is not received within a specified time, the station assumes that the frame or
An Intrusion Detection System (IDS) is a system that monitors network traffic for suspicious activity and issues alerts when such activity is discovered.
It is  a software application that scans a network or a system for harmful activity or policy breaching. 
Any sme     malicious venture or violation is normally reported either to an administrator or collected centrally using a security information and event management (SIEM) system
